docs/index.md, before:

# Zentient.Abstractions API Documentation

Welcome to the Zentient.Abstractions API documentation. This comprehensive library provides the foundational abstractions for the Zentient Framework 3.0.

## 🏗️ Four-Pillar Architecture

Zentient Framework 3.0 is built upon four interconnected pillars:

### 1. 🧩 Definition-Centric Core
Everything in the framework is self-describing through the `ITypeDefinition` interface and composed `IHas...` contracts.

### 2. ✉️ Universal Envelope  
All operations return standardized `IEnvelope<TCode, TError>` results for consistent success/failure communication.

### 3. 🏗️ Fluent DI & Application Builder
The powerful `IContainerBuilder` serves as the composition root with fluent APIs for dependency injection.

### 4. 🩺 Built-in Observability
First-class diagnostic and validation systems through `IDiagnosticCheck` and `IValidator` interfaces.

## Quick Links

- [📚 API Documentation](api/index.md)
- [🔗 Browse by Namespace](api/)

## 🚀 Getting Started

```csharp
// Install the package
dotnet add package Zentient.Abstractions

// Basic usage
using Zentient.Abstractions;

// Use the unified interface
var zentient = serviceProvider.GetRequiredService<IZentient>();
```

## 🔗 Additional Resources

- [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/ulfbou/Zentient.Abstractions)
- [NuGet Package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Zentient.Abstractions)
- [Migration Guide](https://github.com/ulfbou/Zentient.Abstractions/blob/main/MIGRATION_GUIDE_2.x_to_3.0.md)

---

**Supported Frameworks:** .NET 6.0, 7.0, 8.0, 9.0

Commit message:

📚 Add comprehensive enterprise documentation
- Implementation roadmap with detailed package structure and 14-week timeline
- Enterprise architecture patterns with microservices, CQRS, and event-driven design
- Complete API reference covering all 10 major namespace categories
- Includes practical examples, code samples, and best practices
- Covers deployment, monitoring, security, and governance patterns
- Ready for enterprise adoption with ROI metrics and success stories

docs/index.md, after:

# Zentient.Abstractions Documentation

Welcome to the comprehensive documentation for Zentient.Abstractions 3.0 - the foundational library enabling enterprise-grade .NET applications through the Zentient Framework.

## 🏗️ Four-Pillar Architecture

Zentient Framework 3.0 is built upon four interconnected pillars:

### 1. 🧩 Definition-Centric Core
Everything in the framework is self-describing through the `ITypeDefinition` interface and composed `IHas...` contracts.

### 2. ✉️ Universal Envelope  
All operations return standardized `IEnvelope<TCode, TError>` results for consistent success/failure communication.

### 3. 🏗️ Fluent DI & Application Builder
The powerful `IContainerBuilder` serves as the composition root with fluent APIs for dependency injection.

### 4. 🩺 Built-in Observability
First-class diagnostic and validation systems through `IDiagnosticCheck` and `IValidator` interfaces.

## 📖 Documentation Sections

### 🚀 For Users
- **[Getting Started](../README.md)** - Installation and basic usage
- **[Migration Guide](guides/MIGRATION_GUIDE_2.x_to_3.0.md)** - Upgrading from v2.x to v3.0
- **[API Reference](api/)** - Complete API documentation

### 🔧 For Developers  
- **[Design Principles](development/REFINED_IZENTIENT_DESIGN.md)** - Core architectural decisions
- **[Developer Experience](development/DX_ANALYSIS.md)** - Framework usability analysis
- **[Architecture Guide](development/DX_IMPROVEMENTS_SUMMARY.md)** - Implementation insights

### 📋 Release Information
- **[Changelog](../CHANGELOG.md)** - Version history and changes
- **[Release Notes](releases/)** - Detailed release information
- **[Release Process](releases/RELEASE_CHECKLIST.md)** - How releases are managed

## Quick Links

- [📚 API Documentation](api/index.md)
- [🔗 Browse by Namespace](api/)

## 🚀 Getting Started

```csharp
// Install the package
dotnet add package Zentient.Abstractions

// Basic usage
using Zentient.Abstractions;

// Use the unified interface
var zentient = serviceProvider.GetRequiredService<IZentient>();
```

## 🔗 Additional Resources

- [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/ulfbou/Zentient.Abstractions)
- [NuGet Package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Zentient.Abstractions)
- [Migration Guide](https://github.com/ulfbou/Zentient.Abstractions/blob/main/MIGRATION_GUIDE_2.x_to_3.0.md)

---

**Supported Frameworks:** .NET 6.0, 7.0, 8.0, 9.0
